add AQI description (#94)
UBC-MDS/DSCI-532_2024_2_pollution-tracker: README.md

_Pollution Tracker_ utilizes the [World Air Quality Data 2024 (Updated)](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/kanchana1990/world-air-quality-data-2024-updated) dataset to visualize global air pollution levels. With data on pollutants like PM2.5 and NO2 from around the world, our dashboard makes it easy to see current conditions and trends.

### Who is it for?
_Pollution Tracker_ is intended for use by public health officials but designed for anyone interested in the environment, public health, or public policy. We hope it enables these individuals to get a clear idea of air quality metrics and their trends. Our project is built on data sourced from OpenDataSoft, guaranteeing both reliability and  transparency.

## What is AQI? 

> Air Quality Index (AQI) is an indicator of air quality developed by government health authorities to communicate the level of air pollution in an area. When AQI levels are high, several subgroups are affected by it's negative impacts - children, seniors, those with respiratory and cardiorespiratory illnesses. In times of high AQI, health bodies suggest people stay indoors, use high-efficiency particulate absorbing (HEPA) filters, wear NIOSH N95, and avoid any risk to their health. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Air Quality Index (AQI) is an indicator of air quality developed by government health authorities to communicate the level of air pollution in an area. When AQI levels are high, several subgroups are affected by it's negative impacts - children, seniors, and those with respiratory and cardiorespiratory illnesses. In times of high AQI, health bodies suggest people stay indoors, use high-efficiency particulate absorbing (HEPA) filters, wear NIOSH N95, and avoid any risk to their health. 
```

> AQI is calculated as the maximum of the index of pollutant $p$, where this index is defined as: $I_p = \left\lfloor \frac{(I_{\text{high}} - I_{\text{low}}) \times (C_p - C_{\text{low}})}{(C_{\text{high}} - C_{\text{low}})} + I_{\text{low}} \right\rfloor \quad$ $\forall p \in [\{\text{CO}_2, \text{CO}, \text{O}_3, \text{PM2.5}, \text{PM10}, \text{SO}_x, \text{NO}_x\}]$. This index is the linear interpolation of concentration between concentration breakpoints ${C}$ for pollutant $p$. However, the values are often represented as one of five groups (labels vary by country): very poor, poor, moderate, good, very good. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AQI is calculated as the maximum of the index of pollutant $p$, where this index is defined as: $I_p = \left\lfloor \frac{(I_{\text{high}} - I_{\text{low}}) \times (C_p - C_{\text{low}})}{(C_{\text{high}} - C_{\text{low}})} + I_{\text{low}} \right\rfloor \quad$ $\forall p \in [\{\text{CO}_2, \text{CO}, \text{O}_3, \text{PM2.5}, \text{PM10}, \text{SO}_x, \text{NO}_x\}]$. This index is the linear interpolation of concentration between concentration breakpoints ${C}$ for pollutant $p$. However, the values are often represented as one of five groups (labels vary by country): good, moderate, unhealthy for sensitive groups, unhealthy, very unhealthy, and hazardous. 
```
Changing the group labels to match those used by our feature
